README.MD About/Overview The object of this project is to Build an
Adventure Game GUI. The world for our game consists of a dungeon, a
network of tunnels and caves that are interconnected so that a player
can explore the entire world by traveling from cave to cave through the
tunnels that connect them. The dungeon has monsters that can be slayed
using arrows.

List of features List of functionalities in the program are: Graphics
based UI for the game. Added monsters to the dungeon. Monsters can be
slayed by the player. Player can collect arrows. Player has the. option
to move / shoot / pick arrow or treasure. The player can move in the
dungeon until it reaches the end. Thief can steal treasures.

How To Run Instructions to run the program should include the following:
Run Dungeon.jar in the IDE No arguments needed to run Jar File for the
UI based Game Enter the No of Rows and Columns (Eg; 7,8,9..) Enter
Wrapping values as (true/false) Enter Interconnectivity (7,8,9..) Enter
No OF Otyugh (7,8,9..) Enter the percentage of arrows and treasures
(70,80,90..) Run Dungeon.jar in the IDE with arguments to play the Text
based version of the game. Give the values: rows, columns, wrap(T/F),
Otyugh, treasure percentage as arguments. How to Use the Program
Functionality of program includes: Start the game by initializing the
game requirements. Play the game. Creating a Dungeon by initializing an
object for DungeonImpl. Use Object to create the dungeon based on
requirements. Add treasure to dungeon. Add arrows to the dungeon Player
is Initailized inside the dungeon. Player is allowed to move inside the
dungeon based on the command taken. Player can pickup treasure and
arrows from dungeon. Player can shoot the monster in the dungeon. Player
can travel to the end without being eaten by the monster Choose the
Option to restart / reset / exit from the menu.â€¨ Description of Examples
- The screenshots display different scenarios: Player Winning Player
Dead Player roaming Layout of the Dungeon NOTE: Be sure to pay attention
to the file format that we are looking for in your examples. Often, we
will ask for example runs in plain text format so that you can provide
pointers into them via the Handins self-evaluation.Design/Model Changes.
The following design changes were made during the implementation of the
project: 1. Thief and pit was added to the caves in dungeon. 2. Monster
roaming were added to the dungeon. 3. GUI based version added.
Assumptions. The following assumptions were made during the
implementation of the project: The game resets with the same game values
but a new model designed for the dungeon with the same values.
Limitations. Limitations of the program include the following: Player
cannot view its location. Player doesn't know the start and end of the
dungeon. Citations -
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/3614a6/is-a-and-has-a-relationship-in-java/
https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/javaOO/enum.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3982550/creating-an-arraylist-of-objects/3982597
https://techvidvan.com/tutorials/java-copy-constructor/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/iterating-arraylists-java/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-objects-can-an-arraylist-hold-in-java/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/map-interface-java-examples/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4157972/how-to-update-a-value-given-a-key-in-a-hashmap
https://java2blog.com/print-hashmap-in-java/
